How to do something that you hate?

 When I was in school, I hate writing. There is so many rules that I found difficult to
remember much less exicute. At the time, It seem that rule were
just design to make my life harder to learn it.
However, the intention for most of these rules is to make our life easier. 
But as any human know but often forget what you want is often not what you get.

I perfer math. There is aleast logic and rule that build with each other instead 
of fight with each other. Addition will not suddenlly become a mulipication
just because the first number is a prime number. As I grow my love doing
logic eventually evole is to me doing computer sience as a major. 

Another that contribute to me disliking to write or read is a mixture of
My Adhd and my inherent laziness. Just because one person have Adhd it doen't 
mean they are lazy. Instead, their brain will simplly take a thing that acully interest and
ignor anything else. Adhd simply just need a bit more reason to do something other than 
it is what is expect of them. Me, I am also lazy. This compound into the fact i do stuff
at the last minute, sometime more. Writing need to have detication. One need to write a first fdraft, 
and then do constane editing. 

Originally I also though I dislike books. But intruth it is simplly I dislike the book the school provide. 
School book generally have some important thing to say about there time. Whenever there is a deeper meaning to it.
OR simply the last genration achidemica say that this book is important. What is not an important 
criteria is when ever the book is engaing. Does it comunicate it story, message and more well. 
If it is baout history, the we should learn about it in english class. 

Genrally when people know a person they sightly care have a problem, they try to come up with a solution. 
One thing I learn is that human artn't smart enough to come up with good solution or even finding the source of the problem,
But we all can tell when there is a problem. Sure I didn't know why i feel that I dislike writing, but I could tell it is 
there. Something this feeling of a problem could be a problem with our own bias or even incorrect fact. 

So why I am writing. Did I over come my dislike of writing by talk to an old man or womean, Did  i found love. 
No. The thuth is I don't know. Maybe Week later I will stop writing. But now all I should not let this go to waste.
